Docs things (#331)
osohq/oso: docs/getting-started/quickstart.rst

the actor, the rule no longer succeeds because the string ``"bhavik@example.com"`` does not
match the string ``"alice@example.com"``.

A Quick Note on Type Checking
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You may have already guessed that the ``Expense`` term following the colon in the head of our policy rule
is specifying an argument type. This is a :ref:`specializer <Specialization>` that controls rule
execution based on whether it matches the supplied argument. In general, arguments match specializers
if they are an instance of the specializer class. Here, we specialize the third argument on
our own ``Expense`` class. We'll see more examples of specializers later in this guide.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add something like:

"Specializers are optional but highly recommended in order to avoid potential policy bugs when an unexpected type of resource is passed to a certain rule".

(But worded better?)

the actor, the rule no longer succeeds because the string ``"bhavik@example.com"`` does not
match the string ``"alice@example.com"``.

A Quick Note on Type Checking
-----------------------------

> You may have already guessed that the ``Expense`` term following the colon in the head of our policy rule: Actor
> is specifying an argument type. This is a :ref:`specializer <Specialization>` that controls rule
> execution based on whether it matches the supplied argument. In general, arguments match specializers
> if they are an instance of the specializer class. Here, we specialize the third argument on
> our own ``Expense`` class. Specializers are optional but highly recommended to avoid bugs that could arise if
> an unexpected type of resource is passed into a certain rule. We'll see more examples of specializers later in this guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may have already guessed that the ``Expense`` term following the colon in the head of our policy rule
specifies a parameter type restriction. This is a :ref:`specializer <Specialization>`, a pattern that controls rule
execution based on whether the supplied argument matches it. Here, we specialize the third argument on
our own ``Expense`` class, which will restrict this rule to arguments that are instances of that class or any
subclass. Specializers are optional but highly recommended to avoid bugs that could arise if
an unexpected type of resource is passed into a certain rule. We'll see more examples of specializers later in this guide.
```
